ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

Several of the essays in this book were inspired by pieces initially commissioned by the Poetry
Foundation, where they appeared as a weeklong journal on their site in January 2007; other ideas were
developed on their blog, Harriet. I’d like to thank Emily Warn, who after hearing my talk at Marjorie
Perloff’s MLA Presidential Panel in 2006, offered to publish it on the foundation’s site, which has
resulted in a long and happy collaboration. My thanks also to Don Share, Christian Wiman, Cathy Halley,
and Travis Nichols for their open-mindedness and continuing support.

Portions of “Language as Material” appeared in New Media Poetics (Cambridge: MIT, 2006) and was
first written for the New Media Poetry Conference in October 2002 at the University of Iowa. Other parts
of the chapter were given at Digital Poetics at SUNY Buffalo in 2000. “Infallible Processes: What
Writing Can Learn from Visual Art” evolved from two gallery talks commissioned by Dia:Beacon in 2008

merle
: « Parr : untitled: se
and 2009. An,early version of “Why Appropriation?” was sive for the, muni itled-speculati gus,” a CalArts

sais Composant ce livre ont éte inspi

conference hédeienttaickG\G naaly ub nslaeyniRdeeICat Theatre and agai ea prkiqalibaienDoee dhnrizdd @ Gatia Brooklyn.
. ont a . : ' hone tetas:

Ori Sinally ti s"seOR be aes seprofeeton sampling with Mires ieee acta Spitting into two

separate DokSunl qieeRaluer W bksiag wand tO’ s great In Praise of f pying. Although the two books map
different terrier’ ddaieiseesptesaptans rome cdr evtictithe same ten days betwee ike AASEANGS Ab bs Wears almost a

decad originale, ila source dure longue et fertile collaboration, Mes remer- ‘isle bth tke s Lowe co as —
ECAC AGO. cements vont aus a Don Share, Chistian Wiman, Cathy Halley et Srp TSE UND Bp 8 ape oss eS ont Pt Bren race
‘Mereja Hendrik Hartog et Susan Braun de Princeton,

This bookteteXdebpperkigntes atearsuevteeonversation with my peers, many oPwiom I write about here.
Without this de ead @-pnebgeroita bite mppentoiag discourse, this DoGR TAS Meee a POMP SMT Hot exist.

‘ont contribué a solidifier ce ‘je ne peux remercier assez mon

Thanks thes ETS POPES Se for allowing these vaa#fnijtecdhe «pai enter pracegere In particular,
Tm grateful p&erenth® « Sip ROB book Aiki rdiskveis and Charles Bekastbary atthe eerie itor Programs in

ooo kere icy pera and Ingrid Schaffingsnad daged Ashetule aul fugantemporary Art.

Id like tonaylancaw QG gen Beuecian agaversity’s Department. of.American Saldi¢snkeegranting me their
Anschutz Disttirgtished Professorsiipst the winter of 2009, whieh pieipidetPehesea/yoreare environment
where these i Bahk GuL us ScGahakhanks to Princeton’s Hendfik'Haftos and ‘Stsan Braun.

At Columbja, Maiensiyebirssudhecargtul efforts of Susan PeAkaR Mado Mtedeaiouee: book. And I
can’t thank ryyterelitée, evebign Ucernetiniithedmoenough for reading thigeweekwtheser than it deserved to be read,
for shaping re Cea ae Mant eee me the Opportunityectei ce enuiit gaivaigans, qurtbnitne grkitsin wthallenges and
provocationsémskedsitig ook to places T’d never imagined. Soesml eens) can Tas) noits» ils se reconnai-

The patienerreaAbéidenattahbua kstitiowdéeeCheryl Donegan, algn ith, the, feisty playfulness of my sons
Finnegan anchts Gris: aniatiel fete tOckewaR d writing environmeislerdtas ia guseddstediet@alk to pen this.

Special thanks’ to’ Marjorie Perloff for her continuing support to the most extraordinary degree. My
admiration and gratitude for her work never ceases.

And finally, this book is dedicated to the “six guys, all ina line, all basically the same age, same stocky

build, same bad haicuts [sic], and black T-shits [sic]”. You know who you are.
